[Music]
Hey, uh Adrian from Axis here. I was
going to talk you through some of our
new products. Um I'm going to start with
the uh the Tempo with the titanium
fuselage. This is a new uh project that
we started about a year ago when we
released the fireball. So the fireball
was our downwind uh race setup and we're
basically starting to work on the next
thing on from that. Um, we were going a
lot more high aspect. We'd already
experimented with the with the black
fuselage on on higher aspect, and we
knew that's where we wanted to go. But
to create that, we had to come up with a
new, sleeker, uh, fuselage system. So,
this system here, this is all titanium.
Uh, and this top plate here is stainless
steel, and that lifts up. And this is
stainless steel. So, the grub screws go
in from the bottom, and that actually
expands this and creates the joint on
the front. So that front wing has got
two holes in it. So that just goes into
there
and then the grub screws go in
>> and the rear wing goes on.
That goes on.
This just tightens up. And you you
basically just do it fingertight to
start with.
Then to lock that on there, you just put
that key in and do a quarter of a turn.
That expands from the inside.
And when that's bolted together
together, you know, it's totally rigid
on there. Uh these wings, uh 16 aspect
ratio, very high aspect, very low drag,
very very thin. There's no room for a
core on the wing. and to get this wing
stiff enough like this is um ultra high
modulus carbon very very thin but very
very rigid same for the rear wing and
with something this high aspect and this
thin you can't get away with a fat
fuselage so we had to basically build
that new fuselage system to work with
that uh the fuselage system itself you
can see those grub screws that I I've
tightened up when they tighten up they
hit this plate they expand that plate
from the inside which actually locks it
on there. Uh on top of that, we've also
built um an aluminum fuselage that fits
on the back so that you can use some of
our old existing wings. So that covers
all of that. Uh this this here, the two
screws are actually underneath this
plate. So you have to
undo this cover plate,
do your two screws up, and then that
bolts back down to cover that up. Make
that smooth. this putting that onto the
end of your mast. Most people leave that
on there. So, we've got a little cover
that fits on. So, when that's on the end
of the mast, if it falls over, it
protects the titanium from dam damaging
the titanium or your car. Um, that's
kind of covered that. This this was
designed primarily for downwind racing
and in the uh Hawaii racing this year um
most of the races the in the top 20
there was nine riders on this setup. So,
absolutely it performs for downwind
racing. Um, but aside from that, it's
actually a very easy riding setup that's
fast, comfortable, surfy, and really fun
to ride.
This is our new um pocket trench uh four
drive board and integrated mast. The
integrated mast is going to come in um
ultra high modulus and uh high modulus.
The the high modulus is uh really well
suited for lighter riders with smaller
span wings. The ultra high modulus is
better for bigger span wings and uh it
it's obviously stiffer but it is more
expensive. So we've got two options in
that. Um this new four drive board when
the batteries and everything's in here.
This is absolutely smooth. So this is at
the same level. Very little drag. Um the
box we're only got 2 m clearance either
side. So there's not much volume taken
out of the board. You run your battery
down. Time to to take the battery out.
You you just back these screws off a
little bit. Slide that back. Lift it
out. Dry the unit. Um, put the new
battery back in there again. Stick it
back in.
Slide it together. Nip the bolts up. So,
it's very, very quick to change over.
Very little drag. The board itself is
all of this area here is fiberglass. The
tracks themselves are fiberglass. So,
there's no signal blocking from that.
And on the deck of the board, this area
here is all glass. This is all glass. So
you get a perfect transmission signal
through the board. The board's made uh
in a mold uh and CNC cut core uh and pre
prag carbon. So it's been cured at 130°
C. Um close cell foam, so if you get a
ding, it's not going to suck water. Uh
you don't need a vent and it's happy to
sit in the sun even though it's black
carbon. So very very light, very strong.
Nice setup.